feat(shopware6): bundle shopware-cli and hot-reload watchers (#8597)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/quickstart.md

        ./setup-shopware.sh
        ```

### shopware-cli and hot-reload watchers

> For `shopware6` projects, DDEV bundles the [`shopware-cli`](https://hub.docker.com/r/shopware/shopware-cli) tool and hot-reload watcher commands automatically, with no add-on required. The `shopware-cli` binary is baked into the web image, and these commands become available:

Reviewer: The dockerhub URL isn't right is it? Don't we build the CLI into the web image?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `shopware6` projects, DDEV bundles the [`shopware-cli`](https://github.com/shopware/shopware-cli) tool and hot-reload watcher commands automatically, with no add-on required. The `shopware-cli` binary is baked into the web image, and these commands become available:
```

- `ddev shopware-cli` — run `shopware-cli` inside the web container
- `ddev storefront-watch` — hot-reload the storefront (proxy on port 9998)
- `ddev admin-watch <plugin-dir>` — hot-reload a plugin's administration (Vite, port 5173)

Reach the watchers through your project's primary URL with the relevant port, for example `https://my-shopware-site.ddev.site:9998` for the storefront, not `localhost`.

> !!! note "Requires Shopware 6.7.4.2 or newer"

Reviewer: I note that 6.7.4.2 was November, 2025, so it's worth warning about still.

Author: Projects running on older versions are very common, even back to 6.5 and 6.4. I would rather keep this.

        ./setup-shopware.sh
        ```

### shopware-cli and hot-reload watchers

For `shopware6` projects, DDEV bundles the [`shopware-cli`](https://github.com/shopware/shopware-cli) tool and hot-reload watcher commands automatically, with no add-on required. The `shopware-cli` binary is baked into the web image, and these commands become available:

- `ddev shopware-cli` — run `shopware-cli` inside the web container
- `ddev storefront-watch` — hot-reload the storefront (proxy on port 9998)
- `ddev admin-watch <plugin-dir>` — hot-reload a plugin's administration (Vite, port 5173)

Reach the watchers through your project's primary URL with the relevant port, for example `https://my-shopware-site.ddev.site:9998` for the storefront, not `localhost`.

> !!! note "Requires Shopware 6.7.4.2 or newer"

Reviewer 2: For consistency:

```suggestion
!!!note "Requires Shopware 6.7.4.2 or newer"
```
